life was sadder before these three
things oh no another guy talking about
gratitude and Bam my depression's going
to be gone no no no no no gratitude is
great but Step One is accept that you're
sad don't Define yourself as sad but you
are a person experiencing the sad step
two do something positive but when I'm
sad even doing a single push-up is too
hard stretching sounds like too much
effort and scrolling on my phone seems
to be the easy and only option but find
something positive that you'd feel silly
not doing like bicep curling air which
is the entire planet so it's pretty
impressive to me and if you can find the
strength to stand that's amazing build
momentum until you get at least
something done your depression won't go
away but you'll feel a little better and
lastly realize that everything is finite
and losable so the abilities you can do
do not take for granted cuz one day
you're going to die and you might as
well live like it but if you've slipped
past all of that and are considering
ending things my friend I love you it is
going to be okay but please reach out to
a friend or call this number stay flexy